my name is Jerry I want to add to the
cords that share it with you earlier
those two chords Len when I add some
more to the Arsenal so that you can
incorporate this in a Latin groove as
well two more chords in addition to the
two chords that you learned earlier is
part of me I'm not going to try and
block this the keyboard based on my
technology at this moment is the best i
can do so i hope this helps you bless
you let's review let's go to the top
remember these chords as quickly as i
know you know these codes i know you're
happier in these courts because i know i
was when i learned so here we go yeah
you had the G flat here or your f sharp
what you might call it
e to be your a
FB e a D G those you to courtyard we
practice the roof
those for you too we practice that so
let's get on with the next one and it'll
be this
ok
he flapped a d g c f scott the other one
last scored 44 d a flat d gives you G
flat F sharp where you might call it me
e
reporter Sean
the top here we go
at the groove
me
I hope that blesses you or continue with
more flavoring next time talk to you
later